=head1 AUTHOR

[% config.author %], <[% config.email %]>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENCE

The [% config.base %] package and associated files are copyright (C)
[% config.year %] [% config.author %].

You can use, copy, modify and redistribute [% config.base %] and
associated files under the Perl Artistic Licence or the GNU General
Public Licence.

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Mailing list

There is a mailing list at
L<http://groups.google.com/group/perlimagepng>. You don't need to be a
member of the list to post messages to the list or participate in
discussions. Your messages may be held for moderation though.

If you have anything at all to say about the module, whether it is bug
reports, feature requests, or anything else, I'd prefer to discuss it
on the mailing list because that way there is a public record which
everyone can access, rather than being restricted to email. That means
that, for example, if someone else takes over maintaining this module,
they can easily access records of previous discussions.

=head2 CPAN stuff

There is a bug tracker at [% config.rt %].

=head1 FOR PROGRAMMERS

(This section is only for people who want to fix a bug or add an
improvement to this module, and who want to share the change with
other people by adding it to the public version of this module.)

If you want to alter this module, note very carefully that the
distributed files are not actually the source code of the module. The
source code lives in the "tmpl" directory of the distribution and the
distribution is created via scripts.

The original files of this distribution make very heavy use of the
L<Template> Perl module in order to cut down the amount of repetitive
stuff which needs to be put into various source and documentation
files. If you plan to alter the C file, you may also need a program
called "cfunctions" which you can download from sourceforge, which
generates the header file perl-libpng.h from perl-libpng.c.

